Feature/issues-32: Allow variable subsetting for variables in a group (#33)
podaac/l2ss-py: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecated 
### Removed
### Fixed

> - [issues/32](https://github.com/podaac/l2ss-py/issues/32): Fixed bug where input variables arguments have a '/' character

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [issues/32](https://github.com/podaac/l2ss-py/issues/32): Fixed bug when given variables to subset that have a '/' character in the variable name, they would not appear in the output.
```
